# :scales: __**Rules**__

> Last Updated 2018/11/11 15:09:53

---
- No NSFW what so ever. **(Class IV)**
- No toxicity what so ever. **(Class II)**
- No Advertising in chat or in PM/DM. **(Class III)**
- No impersonating staff *at all!* **(Class IV)**
- No use of alt accounts. **(Class III)**
- No spammy messages, that means don't take several lines to not say much, and don't say the same thing over and over. **(Class II)**
- No commands outside of #bot-spam unless relevant to a conversation. `t!profile` is a good example as a chat friendly command, music commands are not. **(Staff Decided)**
- If your username can't be easily mentioned, please set your nickname to something mentionable. **(Class I)**
- Don't set your name/nickname to `@everyone` or `@here`. **(Staff Decided)**
- Respect all users especially the staff, if you're told to stop, then stop. **(Staff Decided)**
- **Trigger the automod four times in five minutes and __you will be muted for one hour__** **(class II)** **(Class II)**
- **Do not argue with staff as their decisions are final.** **(Staff Decided)**

*You can use `/ticket add [info about the problem]` to report violations.*

# :bookmark: Rule Violations
- **Class I:** Logged warning
- **Class II:** Logged mute *(length depends on staff decision)*
- **Class III:** Kicked from the guild
- **Class IV:** Permanent ban *(All bans are by Account and IP courtesy of Discord)*
- **Staff Decided:** Decided by a valid Staff Member


__***These rules are subject to change and will be edited as need be. It is your responsibility to keep up to date with the rules.***__

---
#### Generated by `src/compilers/rules.js`. 🚀
